[Music]
nice sweater thank you
she was misunderstood so what's your
deal do you care what people think about
you no she would change him forever
work you're asking me for help please
okay
Landon Carter's coming here child
[Music]
hey Carter I'll see you after school I'm
in your dreams
listen Jamie I was hoping we could these
secret friends exactly it's like you're
reading my mind
great um maybe you could read mine maybe
is just too scared that someone might
actually want to be with you and why
would that scare you want to be with me
[Music]
I was getting along with everything's
fine and then you happen
I'll make you see it may be better it's
a party
[Music]